lib/Mojolicious/Command/Author/generate/callbackery_app/README.md, before:

<%= ${class} %>
===========
Version: #VERSION#
Date: #DATE#

<%= ${class} %> is a cool web application.

It comes complete with a classic "configure - make - install" setup.

Setup
-----
In your app source directory and start building.

```console
./configure --prefix=$HOME/opt/<%= ${filename} %>
# You may want to specify a non standard perl installation
# --perl=$HOME/.plenv/versions/<your_version>/bin
make
```

Configure will check if all requirements are met and give
hints on how to fix the situation if something is missing.

Any missing perl modules will be downloaded and built.

Development
-----------

While developing the application it is convenient to NOT have to install it
before runnning. You can actually serve the Qooxdoo source directly
using the built-in Mojo webserver.

```console
./bin/<%= ${filename} %>-source-mode.sh
```

You can now connect to the CallBackery app with your web browser.

If you need any additional perl modules, write their names into the `cpanfile`
file and run ./bootstrap.

Installation
------------

To install the application, just run

```console
make install
```

You can now run <%= ${filename} %>.pl in reverse proxy mode.

```console
cd $HOME/opt/<%= ${filename} %>/bin
./<%= ${filename} %>.pl prefork
```

Packaging
---------

Before releasing, make sure to update `CHANGES`, `VERSION` and run
`./bootstrap`.

You can also package the application as a nice tar.gz file, it uses carton to
install dependent module. If you want to make sure that your project builds with perl
5.22, make sure to set the `PERL` environment variable to a perl 5.22
interpreter, make sure to delete any `PERL5LIB` environment variable, and run
`make clean && make`. This will cause a `cpanfile-5.22.1.snapshot` file to be included
with your tar ball, when building the app this snapshot will be used to make sure
all the right versions of the dependent modules get installed.

```console
make dist
```

Enjoy!

<%= "${fullName} <${email}>" %>

Commit message:

added ubuntu-package build, fixed automated unit tests

lib/Mojolicious/Command/Author/generate/callbackery_app/README.md, after:

<%= ${class} %>
===========
Version: #VERSION# Date: #DATE#

<%= ${class} %> is a cool web application.

It comes complete with a classic "configure - make - install" setup.

Setup
-----
In your app source directory and start building.

```console
./configure --prefix=$HOME/opt/<%= ${filename} %>
# You may want to specify a non standard perl installation
# --perl=$HOME/.plenv/versions/<your_version>/bin
make
```

Configure will check if all requirements are met and give hints on how to fix the situation if something is missing.

Any missing perl modules will be downloaded and built.

Development
-----------

While developing the application it is convenient to NOT have to install it before runnning. You can actually serve the
Qooxdoo source directly using the built-in Mojo webserver.

```console
./bin/<%= ${filename} %>-source-mode.sh
```

You can now connect to the CallBackery app with your web browser.

If you need any additional perl modules, write their names into the `cpanfile`
file and run ./bootstrap.

Installation
------------

To install the application, just run

```console
make install
```

You can now run <%= ${filename} %>.pl in reverse proxy mode.

```console
cd $HOME/opt/<%= ${filename} %>/bin
./<%= ${filename} %>.pl prefork
```

Packaging
---------

Before releasing, make sure to update `CHANGES`, `VERSION` and run
`./bootstrap`.

You can also package the application as a nice tar.gz file, it uses carton to install dependent module. If you want to
make sure that your project builds with perl 5.22, make sure to set the `PERL` environment variable to a perl 5.22
interpreter, make sure to delete any `PERL5LIB` environment variable, and run
`make clean && make`. This will cause a `cpanfile-5.22.1.snapshot` file to be included with your tar ball, when building
the app this snapshot will be used to make sure all the right versions of the dependent modules get installed.

```console
make dist
```

Github Actions
--------------

This project has a package action (e.g to build a `.deb` package) built-in. To add your own build-pipeline, simply
create a corresponding DockerFile under `.github/actions/build-release-action/` and register it in the strategy section
of the `build-relase.yaml`-file. It is expected that your Docker-Pipeline returns the filename of the built package. This
can be achieved by the following snippet at the end of your script:

```text
echo "::set-output name=package_name::$package_name"
```

The action is triggered when committing a new tag that matches this pattern: `v*`

Enjoy!

<%= "${fullName} <${email}>" %>
